Better ray example app & doc refresh (#1110)
facebookresearch/hydra: website/docs/plugins/ray_launcher.md

-->
[![Example application](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Example%20application-informational)](https://github.com/facebookresearch/hydra/tree/master/plugins/hydra_ray_launcher/examples)
[![Plugin source](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Plugin%20source-informational)](https://github.com/facebookresearch/hydra/tree/master/plugins/hydra_submitit_launcher)

The Ray Launcher plugin provides 2 launchers: `ray_aws` and `ray_local`. 
 `ray_aws` launches jobs remotely on AWS and is built on top of [Ray Autoscaler](https://docs.ray.io/en/latest/autoscaling.html). `ray_local` launches jobs on your local machine. 

### Installation

```commandline
$ pip install hydra-ray-launcher --pre
```

### Usage
Once installed, add `hydra/launcher=ray_aws` or `hydra/launcher=ray_local` to your command line. Alternatively, override `hydra/launcher` in your config:

```yaml
defaults:
  - hydra/launcher: ray_aws
```

### `ray_aws` launcher

`ray_aws` launcher is built on top of ray's [autoscaler cli](https://docs.ray.io/en/latest/autoscaling.html). To get started, you need to 
[config your AWS credentials](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/userguide/cli-configure-files.html).

> :::caution

Reviewer: :::important?
:::note?

> `ray autoscaler` expects your AWS credentials has certain permissions for [`EC2`](https://aws.amazon.com/ec2) and [`IAM`](https://aws.amazon.com/iam). This [ray issue](https://github.com/ray-project/ray/issues/9327) provides some contexts.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`ray autoscaler` expects your AWS credentials have certain permissions for [`EC2`](https://aws.amazon.com/ec2) and [`IAM`](https://aws.amazon.com/iam). This [ray issue](https://github.com/ray-project/ray/issues/9327) provides some more context.
```

> `ray autoscaler` expects your AWS credentials has certain permissions for [`EC2`](https://aws.amazon.com/ec2) and [`IAM`](https://aws.amazon.com/iam). This [ray issue](https://github.com/ray-project/ray/issues/9327) provides some contexts.

Reviewer: "this issue" sounds like there is a problem.
"read this for more information"?

:::

> `ray autoscaler` expects a yaml file to provide configuration for the EC2 cluster; we've schematized the configs in [`hydra_ray_launcher.hydra_plugins.hydra_ray_launcher.conf.__init__.RayClusterConf`](https://github.com/facebookresearch/hydra/blob/master/plugins/hydra_ray_launcher/hydra_plugins/hydra_ray_launcher/conf/__init__.py), 

Reviewer: `__init__` is not a part of the module to the conf.
(try to import that thing, it will not work).

Just give the class name with a link.
